Add a 1D Fermi-Hubbard guide (#240)
Qiskit/qiskit-fermions: docs/guides/flowsets.rst

Reviewer: Maybe mention somewhere here that two non-overlapping transfer operator trivially commute?

Reviewer: Possibly add a comment here saying that the `j+2` term appearing in the last Z term explains why you need `N_f + 1` qubits.

Reviewer: "mapped to" --> "mapped to as sum of"?

Reviewer: maybe specify here that now the Trotter approximation is not used?

.. _flowsets_getting_started:

Simulate 1D Fermi-Hubbard dynamics with flow sets
=================================================

.. important::

   The concepts in this guide are currently available only in the Python API.
   Equivalent functionality will be made available via the C API in a future release.

This guide builds a circuit for the **time dynamics of the one-dimensional Fermi-Hubbard
model**, from writing down the Hamiltonian to checking the evolved site densities. What
makes the route interesting is a single idea, taken from the *flow set* framework of
Gandon et al. [1]_ --- the work that also motivated the :class:`.TransferVertexOperator`
in this package:

   Instead of grouping Hamiltonian terms *after* the fermion-to-qubit mapping, group
   them *before* it, into **flow sets** -- one-dimensional subsets of the directed
   fermionic interaction graph whose transfer operators mutually commute.

That choice drives everything below. It calls for a **custom fermion-to-qubit encoding**
tailored to the flow sets, which here spends one **ancilla qubit** so that the qubit count

> no longer matches the number of fermionic modes, and for a **custom synthesis** that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tailored to the flow sets, which here spends one **ancilla qubit** so that the qubit count
associated with the implementation of a given Hamiltonian term no longer grows with the 
number of fermionic modes (as is the case for JW), and for a **custom synthesis** that
```

exploits the commutativity within each set. The payoff is a circuit whose two-qubit depth

> is **constant in the system size**, against the linear growth of a term-by-term

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is **constant in the system size**, against the linear growth of a JW-based term-by-term
```
